his career made him a legend three stars
we should be naming a base after the man
not sending him here
one mistake disregarded direct verbal
orders resulting in the death of eight
American soldiers cost him his freedom
what do you expect from your time here
at the castle nothing do my time go home
that is the perfect answer sir this
thing that you're doing with your hand
if grabbing your hair what's that yeah
that's a whole oh I don't think so what
are you doing
saluting amongst prisoners is prohibited
you get on winters backside you're done
I'm not fighting anyone or anything
anymore dad you're a great man you've
done so much for this country twice in
the last year they've been accidents we
men have been hit in the head and killed
I've been hearing some pretty disturbing
things about what goes on in here until
you spent some time in the yard with
those animals you have no idea what
happens in there and then don't want
better food they don't want more TV they
just want your resignation well then I
better go back there sergeant major I
was I call it our when chief has their
word for general the men are assembled
sir the general is getting himself an
army gentlemen I propose that we seize
control of this facility
[Applause]
I don't need to justify myself to you do
i I don't know do you you have three
years left with us those three months
sound better you asking me to be your
snitch sir
these men need you and I need you why do
you think I should help you
oh let me guess you're gonna make me a
soldier again now you are no longer
soldier each one of you is nothing more
than the shadow of a soldier when they
do take over the prison they're gonna
fly the flag upside down Brizard upside
down it'll mean the castles falling sir
we works pictures presents Robert
Redford James Gandolfini Mark Ruffalo
and Delroy Lindo I'm taking control of
your prison like hell you are
the last castle
[Music]